Experience in sales, working with people. Forming a sales plan, evaluating the effectiveness of consultants and equipment. |
Preparation of draft normative and legal acts; preparation of reports to the Government of the Russian Federation and the President of the Russian Federation; preparation and conclusion of agreements between the Ministry of Agriculture of Russia and unions and associations; work with normative and legal acts concerning the application of special economic measures against states that have decided to impose economic sanctions against the Russian Federation; record keeping; consideration of citizens' appeals; posting of draft normative and legal acts on the website regulation.gov.ru; analytical work with data.
Creating a Semantic Core for Context Advertising Media Advertising Creating and Promoting Communities in Social Networks Creating TK for Designer and Copywriter Filling and Updating the Company's Website Placement in Newspapers, Online Resources Promoting a New Product Segment Working with Customers |
Organization and conduct of international negotiations. Meeting and accompanying guests. Organization of forums and conferences. Translation of documents. Complete execution of all tasks from the manager. |
Application development |
development of a system of registration of applications within the framework of automation of the work of the support department.
Responsibilities: preparation / receipt of permitting documentation for the design / construction of facilities, functions of technical supervision (general contracting), delivery / acceptance of completed works, verification of executive documentation. In my spare time, I am engaged in the development of a working version of the site designer - testing of the designer has begun - the ability to use draggable / resizable behavior of components has been added - the compiler library has been improved Recent developments: - development of JavaMail modules, SMSLib - testing of the VK API |
Construction of Olympic facilities in Sochi. Development of executive and technical documentation of the Olympic Park station complex. After completion of the facility, the acting head of the PTO of the general contractor SMU was appointed.
In 2009, the first version of the company's website appeared. The development environment is Eclipse. Project assembly system - Apache Maven In 2010, a web framework built on Wicket and a Matterx library is being formed, allowing to store object data in the form of formatted and readable text similar to CSS. At the same time, the idea of creating a visual interface to adjust the appearance of forms and online page layout appears.
Design, commissioning of low-current systems. |
Electrical installation of security systems - security and fire alarms - video surveillance systems - access control and control systems - computer / telephone networks |
Consulting clients on the operation of mobile devices, setting up |
Participated in the creation of several games. As an interface designer, artist, flash player and animator. |
Production of videos. Here I made my 3D video for DublGis. And here I made a video that became a prize-winner in the contest of social advertising "PORA" |
Discussion of tasks with clients, development of scripts for advertising videos, creation of commercials using computer graphics and animation. Videos. Participated in the Festival of Social Advertising "P.O.R.A.!" with the video "Children!"
- Development of Terms of Reference - Development of functional requirements - Development of action diagrams and data flows - Development of layouts for Web applications, sites, mobile applications - Test design - Manual testing of Web and mobile applications - Automated testing (Selenium - intermediate level). - Communication with the development team and with customers.
- Development of functional requirements - Development of action diagrams and data flows - Development of Web application layouts - Communications with customers (English-language projects) |
- Test design - Training of new employees - Communications with teams of analysts and developers - Manual testing - Automated and Load Testing (Rational products) - Working with bugtracking system (English-language projects) |
Ensuring the interaction of enterprise structures Maintenance of appropriate documentation Adjustment of the operation of enterprise structures |
Implementation of pipeline valves Provision of cooperation and negotiation Calculation and formation of commercial offers Conclusion and maintenance of contracts Search and attraction of customers |
Implementation of pipeline valves Provision of cooperation and negotiation Calculation and formation of commercial offers Conclusion and maintenance of contracts Search and attraction of customers |
Responsibilities: Implementation of demand forecasting and planning, inventory management; Formation of production orders on the basis of sales dynamics, seasonality, action plan, sales forecasts for the range of finished products; Maintenance / adjustment of the normative stock of finished products in warehouses, taking into account shelf life, turnover of products; Formation of reports on undersales; Formation of execution of weekly / monthly sales plans by client; Compilation of data on transfer of products by month, week; Formation of current reports, processing of incoming requests |
Productivity analysis of operators Creating presentations Creating macros Reconciling data in SAP and WMS Help other employees |
Execution of logistics manager tasks in Excel and Word |
Events, photo shoots, press releases, work at the IDEA Center |
Search for sponsors, promotion |
Development of leaflets, creation of projects |
